Right there, right there, right there,
and reach it, you got it, yeah, you never
even touch it, huh, exactly, wow, that's
pretty good, we love you, thank you very
much, thank you very much,
I will, I promise, thank you very much,
thank you very much, that's on me, okay,
have a good time, thank you very much,
thank you, I'll see you at the White
House, thank you, thank you very much,
come on, we have another order coming up
I love McDonald's, I love jobs, I like to
see good jobs, and I think it's
inappropriate when somebody puts down all
over the place that she worked at
McDonald's, it was a big part of her
resume that she worked at McDonald's, how
tough a job it was, she specifically
worked at the French Fry, where they make
the French Fries, and she talked about
the heat, it was so tough, she never
worked at McDonald's, keep it tight, You
got the salt on it, never touches the
human hand, very good, nice and full,
thank you